Document the new banner feature (#3547)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/config_rb_supermarket.md

: The URL to which reporting metrics are sent. Default value: `nil`.

### Announcements Banner

> Starting with Supermarket 4.2 and later users can define an announcement banner text to be displayed on the Supermarket homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Supermarket 4.2 and later, users can define announcement banner text to display on the Supermarket homepage.
```

`default['supermarket']['announcement_text']`

> : The text string to display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The text string to display.
```
